annotationlib: add note on security to docs (#138508)
python/cpython: Doc/library/annotationlib.rst

:func:`call_evaluate_function` function for working with
:term:`evaluate functions <evaluate function>`.

> .. warning::

Reviewer: Perhaps?: ([list of admonition types](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#admonitions-messages-and-warnings))

```suggestion
.. caution::
```

   Most functionality in this module can execute arbitrary code; see

>    :ref:`the security section <annotationlib-security>` for more information.

Reviewer 2: I guess it maybe wouldn't hurt to have this a bit higher up? Maybe immediately after

> The :mod:`!annotationlib` module provides tools for introspecting :term:`annotations <annotation>` on modules, classes, and functions.

Author: I'd prefer to keep it a little further down. It's less important than the content about how to actually use annotationlib. We should mention this security issue so we can point people to it but I don't think it's really important.

   >>> def ifexp(x: 1 if y else 0): ...
   >>> get_annotations(ifexp, format=Format.STRING)
   {'x': '1'}

.. _annotationlib-security:

Security
--------

> Much of the functionality in this module involves executing arbitrary code. For example,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Much of the functionality in this module involves executing code in annotations, which can then do arbitrary things
```

I think currently it reads a little scarier than it should. I am much less scared seeing `get_annotations` than seeing `eval` and that doesn't quite get conveyed here — maybe it's worth being a little bit more specific about what is "arbitrary".

(I don't know that my specific suggestion here is that good though)

Author: Pedantically, some of the code may be outside annotations (e.g., if you directly call the ForwardRef constructor, or use TypeVar bounds). I do agree with the sentiment though.

:func:`get_annotations` may call an arbitrary :term:`annotate function`, and
:meth:`ForwardRef.evaluate` may call :func:`eval` on an arbitrary string. Code contained
in an annotation might make arbitrary system calls, enter an infinite loop, or perform any

> other operation. This is also true for access to the :attr:`~object.__annotations__` attribute,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
other operation. This is also true for any access of the :attr:`~object.__annotations__` attribute,
```

Author: "access to" sounds much better to me than "access of", is it different for you?

Reviewer: I would probably say 'access of' here too, said aloud as 'access of the _spam_ attribute' sounds better than 'access to the _spam_ attribute'.

Reviewer 2: yeah, I'm with @AA-Turner here

Author: Wonder if that's a British/American difference... I'll just switch to "access of".

Reviewer: I think partially it's as the sentence is in the passive voice, so it sounds odd using 'to' as a preposition. 

An alternate rephrasing would be 'This is also true when *accessing* the `__annotations__` attribute'. Present continuous is a little odd in context of the rest of the para, but could work if 'access of' sounds wrong to you.

A

and for various functions in the :mod:`typing` module that work with annotations, such as
:func:`typing.get_type_hints`.

> Any security issues arising from these facts also apply immediately after importing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any security issue arising from this also applies immediately after importing
```
